4.13.24 upgrade notification (#239)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/2024-01-07_upgrades.md

**What is happening?**

CHG0055023 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055017 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

CHG0055024 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055018 - MCS GOLD - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

CHG0055022 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade

CHG0055020 - MCS GOLDDR - 2024 Q1 Patching - Upgrade to OCP 4.13.24

These six changes represent the work involved to upgrade the production clusters from Openshift 4.12 to 4.13.

**When?**

> CHG0055023 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade will commence at 0600 on Sunday January 7 and run as late as 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CHG0055023 - MCS SILVER - 2024 Q1 Patching - Hard Prune of Image registry, ETCD Defrag and F5 Upgrade will commence at 6:00AM on Sunday January 7 and run as late as 10:00AM.
```

Author: Fixed in all the 3 sections. I am so used to using military time but agree that either we use the AM/PM style or the military style, so will go with AM/PM type.

Reviewer: I think the customers find AM/PM clearer https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/group/internal-platform-services?msg=ubx7Jw3XNp5TjQmnY
